Dispatch function implementation to dtype (#40)
Quantco/ndonnx: CHANGELOG.rst

> **New feature**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**New features**
```

- Expose the :func:`ndonnx.isdtype` function.

> - Custom dtypes can now override array creation functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Custom data types can now override array creation functions:
```

   - :func:`ndonnx.zeros`
   - :func:`ndonnx.zeros_like`
   - :func:`ndonnx.ones`
   - :func:`ndonnx.ones_like`
   - :func:`ndonnx.full`
   - :func:`ndonnx.full_like`
   - :func:`ndonnx.arange`
   - :func:`ndonnx.arange`
   - :func:`ndonnx.eye`
   - :func:`ndonnx.tril`

>    - :func:`ndonnx.triu`

Reviewer: Technically, these are not creation functions.

   - :func:`ndonnx.linspace`

> - Custom dtypes can now provide implementations for :func:`ndonnx.where`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Custom data types can now provide implementations for :func:`ndonnx.where`.
```

- The :class:`ndonnx._experimental.UniformShapeOperations` now provides implementations of shape operations that are generic across all data types where each constituent field has the same shape (that of the overall array).

**Other changes**

- Fixed various deprecation warnings.

> - Invoking a function using arrays with dtypes lacking a corresponding implementation now raise a :class:`UnsupportedOperationError`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Invoking a function using arrays of data types that lack a corresponding implementation now raises an :class:`UnsupportedOperationError`.
```

Author: "arrays of data types" should be "arrays with data types" in my opinion but I took the second half of the suggestion.
